{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1. 
\i Talk about the idea/product you\'92d like to pursue thru the class. This can be as little (few sentences) or as detailed as you like. Remember the golden rule of: done\'a0\'bb perfect. Don\'92t obsses much about \'93the idea\'94 at this point, run with an idea that excites or intrigues you, if still not sure, share something and clearly state your worries about the idea, Vivek & I will provide feedback.
\i0 \'a0\

\b Problem Statement:  
\b0 You have been invited to go a live show but you have not heard of the band before.  You have been to enough shows to know that some bands are worth the risk of buying the ticket  and some bands are not. Just checking the bands social media and youtube tracks will only paint of incomplete picture of the live music experience.  Coinflip wills take in key factors and generates an \'93active\'94 prediction on weather you will like going to a live concert or not.\
2. 
\i Pick one need and expand on the feature(s) and benifit(s) that your product can provide.\'a0
\i0 \
Coinflip will take in such as decision factors as price point tolerance, location, number of social media follower, going to the event,  past concerts attended, music likes on Facebook, Spotify, Pandora, and Google Play to generate prediction on either you should go to see a band you not heard of before.  The user will be presented with a decision tree on the key factors of the recommendation  to see how the decision was made.  All key decision facts can be changed be adjusted by the user to refine the users key design points.\

\i 3. Reflect on how the product life & development cycles for your product would look. It\'92s understandable that for most of you would be in the development/identify stages, but the goal of the exercise is to force you to picture how your product would look like as it moves thru the stages, yes, picture yourself with $40 billion in the bank looking down at Zuck, you\'92ve made it.
\i0 \
I envision Coinflip to follow the follow cycle:\'a0\
* Conceive of the original product vision.\'a0 A simple design document will be generated that outlines the basic product goals and features.\
* Build a simple an MVP that displays the \'93active recommendation\'94 model of wealth the user will like a live band or DJ that they never heard of before.\
* Raise Series A founding\
* Build a full version of the platform and introduce the product to market that can support 50,00 concurrent users.\
* Raise Series B founding\
* Scale the series to add more features to the clients and add sever support over 100,000 users and %75 of the predications are accurate. \
 * Expand the marketing and sales support to gain a local user base\
*Add targeted features to minimize the churn rate\
* Seek a buyer for the platform\
I would Scrum as my product management methodology to build my product.\'a0}