{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs24 \cf0 General Assembly Product Management Assignment #1\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240
\cf0 1. 
\i Talk about the idea/product you\'92d like to pursue thru the class. This can be as little (few sentences) or as detailed as you like. Remember the golden rule of: done\'a0\'bb perfect. Don\'92t obsses much about \'93the idea\'94 at this point, run with an idea that excites or intrigues you, if still not sure, share something and clearly state your worries about the idea, Vivek & I will provide feedback.
\i0 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b \cf0 Problem Statement:
\b0  Mobile developers find it hard to monetize apps using existing models. The traditional monetization model of ads fail on the mobile platform due to limited real estate for display ads and no clear conversation path.\'a0 I suggest solving this problem with cross platform user arc. Users will be driven from the mobile platform to the PC platform where traditional ad monetization can be applied.\'a0 The product that I suggest this is a vertical social network for cats.\
2. 
\i Pick one need and expand on the feature(s) and benifit(s) that your product can provide.\'a0
\i0 \
One of the major goals of this project is to drive users from the Mobile to the PC platform. This will be done by creating a cross platform user arch that will start on the mobile application and be completed on the PC platform.\'a0 On mobile, users will be able to create an account, upload pictures and videos of their cat, be alerted to new posts from friends, and\'a0 browse posts older than 2 weeks. On the PC platform they will be able to view the latest posts, comment on pictures and videos.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\i \cf0 3. Reflect on how the product life & development cycles for your product would look. It\'92s understandable that for most of you would be in the development/identify stages, but the goal of the exercise is to force you to picture how your product would look like as it moves thru the stages, yes, picture yourself with $40 billion in the bank looking down at Zuck, you\'92ve made it.
\i0 \
I envision Purrnet to follow the follow cycle:\'a0\
Conceive of the original product vision.\'a0 A simple design document will be generated that outlines the basic product goals and features.\
Build a simple an MVP that displays the basic user arc of uploading videos and pictures of cats on mobile, and than annotate and browse on the PC platform.\
Raise Series A founding\
Build a full version of the platform and introduce the product to market that can support 100,00 concurrent users.\
Raise Series B founding\
Scale the series to add more features to the clients and add sever support over 500,000 concurrent users and 80 percent of the users use the service for minimum of 3 minutes a day.\
Expand the marketing and sales support to ensure service adds 10,000 users a month.\
Add targeted features to minimize the churn rate\
Seek a buyer for the platform\
I would Scrum as my product management methodology to build my product.\'a0\
}